feat: figure out binaries upload (#800)
ansys/pyansys-geometry: doc/source/getting_started/docker/windows_container.rst

* Download the `latest Windows Dockerfile <https://github.com/ansys/pyansys-geometry/blob/main/docker/Dockerfile.windows>`_.

* Download the `latest release artifacts for the Windows

>   Docker container (ZIP file) according to your version <https://github.com/ansys/pyansys-geometry-binaries/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Docker container (ZIP file) for your version <https://github.com/ansys/pyansys-geometry-binaries/>`_.
```

.. note::

>    These binaries are only available for download to users with access to

Reviewer: Same change as earlier.
